task: add README for unleash-proxy chart (#66)
Unleash/helm-charts: charts/unleash-proxy/README.md

# The Unleash Proxy

> The Unleash Proxy simplifies integration with frontend & native applications running in the context of a specific user. The Unleash proxy sits between the proxy SDK and the 
> Unleash API and ensures that your internal feature toggle configuration is not 
> exposed to the world. 
> 
> The proxy offers:
> 
> - **High performance** - a single proxy instance can handle thousands req/s, and can be horizontally scaled. 
> - **Privacy for end-users** - Your end users are not exposed to the unleash API and can be hosted by you This ensures no user data (userId, IPs, etc) is shared. 
> - **Secure** - It is controlled by you, and can be hosted on your domain. In addition no feature toggle configuration is shared with the user, only evaluated toggles. 

Reviewer: I'm rewriting the intro in [this proxy pr](https://github.com/Unleash/unleash-proxy/pull/116), so why don't we try and mirror that content here too? 

```suggestion
The Unleash proxy offers a way to use Unleash in client-side applications, such as single-page and native apps.

The Unleash proxy sits between the Unleash API and your client-side SDK and does the evaluation of feature toggles for your client-side SDK. This way, you can keep your configuration private and secure, while still allowing your client-side apps to use Unleash's features.

The proxy offers three important features:

- **Performance**: The caches all features in memory and can run close to your end-users. A single instance can able to handle thousands of requests per second, and you can easily scale it by adding additional instances.
- **Security**: The proxy evaluates the features for the user on the server-side and by default only exposes results for features that are **enabled** for the specific user. No feature toggle configuration is ever shared with the user.
- **Privacy**: If you run the proxy yourself, Unleash will never get any data on your end-users: no user ids, no IPs, no nothing.
```

> You can read more about [the proxy in our documentation](https://docs.getunleash.io/sdks/unleash-proxy)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can read more about the proxy [in the Unleash proxy reference documentation](https://docs.getunleash.io/reference/unleash-proxy).
```
